INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT

This Agreement is made between Halloway Digital Ltd ("Company") and the individual named in Schedule 1 ("Contractor").

1. Engagement. Company engages Contractor to provide the services described in Schedule 1 (the "Services"). Contractor shall provide the Services with reasonable skill and care and in accordance with Company's reasonable instructions.

2. Fees. Company shall pay Contractor the day rate set out in Schedule 1. Invoices shall be settled within thirty (30) days of receipt, subject to Company's right to set off any amount it considers owing to it under this or any other agreement.

3. Intellectual Property. Contractor assigns to Company by way of present assignment of future rights all intellectual property rights in any work, invention, design or improvement created by Contractor during the term of this Agreement, whether or not created in the course of providing the Services and whether or not created using Company resources.

4. Restrictive Covenant. For a period of twenty-four (24) months following termination, Contractor shall not directly or indirectly provide services of any kind to any person or entity which competes with Company, in any territory in which Company operates or intends to operate.

5. Confidentiality. Contractor shall not at any time disclose any confidential information of Company. This obligation continues indefinitely following termination of this Agreement.

6. Indemnity. Contractor shall indemnify Company in full against all losses, damages, costs and expenses arising from any breach of this Agreement by Contractor, and such indemnity shall be uncapped.

7. Termination. Company may terminate this Agreement immediately at any time without notice and without cause. Contractor shall give not less than three (3) months written notice to terminate.

8. Status. Nothing in this Agreement shall render Contractor an employee of Company. Contractor is responsible for all taxes and national insurance contributions arising in respect of the fees.

9. Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales, and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.

10. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior discussions, representations and understandings between them.
